$ skillsmith lint examples/vibes

  skillsmith lint  C:\Users\malik\New folder (12)\skillsmith\examples\vibes\SKILL.md

  ERROR  frontmatter-description :1
         description is 28 chars; that is a label, not a trigger
         fix Describe the situations that should load it: tasks, user phrases, file types. Aim for 200-600 chars.

  ERROR  frontmatter-description :1
         description never says WHEN to use the skill
         fix Add explicit trigger conditions: "Use when the user asks to…", "Use whenever a task involves…".

  ERROR  ordered-procedure
         body has 0 numbered step(s); a working skill has an ordered procedure
         fix Write the behaviour as a numbered list the agent walks every time: "1. … 2. … 3. …". At least three steps, each a concrete action.

  WARN   negative-scope :1
         No statement of when NOT to use this skill
         fix Add "Do NOT use for…" to the description, naming the nearby tasks it should stay out of.

  WARN   persistence
         Behavioural skill has no persistence clause
         fix State plainly: "ACTIVE EVERY RESPONSE until the user says stop." If this is a one-shot skill, say "one-shot" in the description.

  WARN   off-switch
         No off switch
         fix Name the phrase that disables it, e.g. "Off only when the user says \"stop prove-it\"."

  WARN   no-hedging
         4 hedges ("try to", "consider", "where possible", "generally")
         fix Make each rule unconditional, or delete it. "Run the tests" beats "try to run the tests where possible".

  WARN   no-adjective-soup
         5 content-free quality words ("high-quality", "robust", "clean", "best practices")
         fix Replace each with the concrete behaviour you mean. "Robust" → "handle the empty-input case and say so".

  WARN   concrete-example
         No concrete example of the behaviour
         fix Add at least one "instead of X, do Y" pair, or a short fenced before/after block.

  info   measurable
         Nothing in the skill says what observable change it produces
         fix Add one line naming the measurable effect: fewer tool calls, shorter replies, tests run before "done", etc. The eval harness checks for exactly this.

  info   no-self-reference
         1 line(s) describing the skill to a human instead of instructing the agent
         fix Write in the imperative, to the agent: "Do X. Never Y."

  score 0/100  errors 25, warnings 8, info 3
